feat(games): Update '3D on the web' guides (#36728)
mdn/content: files/en-us/games/techniques/3d_on_the_web/building_up_a_basic_demo_with_three.js/index.md

> A typical 3D scene in a game — even the simplest one — contains standard items like shapes located in a coordinate system, a camera to actually see them, lights and materials to make it look better, animations to make it look alive, etc. **Three.js**, as with any other 3D library, provides built-in helper functions to help you implement common 3D functionality more quickly. In this article we'll take you through the real basics of using Three, including setting up a development environment, structuring the necessary HTML, the fundamental objects of Three, and how to build up a basic demo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A typical 3D scene in a game — even the simplest one — contains standard items like shapes located in a coordinate system, a camera to view it, lights and materials to make it look better, animations to make it look alive, etc. **Three.js**, as with any other 3D library, provides built-in helper functions to help you implement common 3D functionality more quickly. In this article we'll take you through the real basics of using Three, including setting up a development environment, structuring the necessary HTML, the fundamental objects of Three, and how to build up a basic demo.
```

const basicMaterial = new THREE.MeshBasicMaterial({ color: 0x0095dd });
```

## Mesh

> To apply the material to a geometry, a mesh is used. This takes on a shape, and adds the specified material to every face:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To apply the material to a geometry, a mesh is used. This takes a shape, and adds the specified material to every face:
```
